It is the program that focuses on the study of the utilization of both
hardware and software technologies, involving planning, installing,
customizing, operating, managing and administering,  and maintaining
information technology infrastructure that provides computing solutions to
address the needs of an organization. 

_a. BS Information Technology
b. BS Computer Science
c. BS Computer Engineering
d. BS Information Systems


It is the Philippine government agency that covers both public and private
higher education institutions as well as degree-granting programs in all
post-secondary educational institutions in the country. 

a. Bureau of Higher Education
_b. Commission on Higher Education
c. Department of Higher Education
d. Committee on Higher Education


Which course focuses the ICT program outcomes of preservation and
promotion of Filipino historical and cultural heritage?  

a. Mathematics in the Modern World
b. Understanding the Self
c. Web Designing
_d. The Life and Works of Jose Rizal



It is a career pathway that deals with one's ability and readiness to develop,
organize and run a business enterprise, along with any of its uncertainties
to make a profit.

a. Graduate Studies
b. Education / Academe
_c. Entrepreneurship
d. Government Service



It is the ability to use technology to ﬁnd information, evaluate sources,
create content, and communicate with others effectively.

a. Financial literacy
_b. Digital literacy
c. Computer literacy
d. Health literacy



It is the function of the IT Department where rules are set on how the
organization can use the company's technology, IT security and the data
insurance.

a. Infrastructure
b. Procurement
_c. Governance
d. Functionality



Which of the subject (course) aims to promote team work in computing
project design and development? 

_a. Capstone Project
b. Physical Education
c. NSTP
d. Mathematics in the Modern World

In the acronym ICT, what is the meaning of the letter C?
a. Collaboration
_b. Communication
c. Collaborate
d. Communicate


Which of the BSIT graduate attributes is highlighted in our computer
programming courses (subjects)?
a. Knowledge for solving computer problems.
b. Problem Analysis
_c. Design and Development of Solutions
d. Individual and Team Work


It is the program that focuses on the discipline that embodies the science
and technology of design, construction, implementation, and maintenance
of software and hardware components of modern computing systems and
computer-controlled equipment. Computer engineering has traditionally
been viewed as a combination of both computer science (CS) and electrical
engineering (EE).
_a. BS Computer Engineering
b. BS Information Systems
c. BS Information Technology
d. BS Computer Science


It is the program that focuses on the application and effect of information
technology to systems and organizations.
a. BS Information Technology
b. BS Computer Engineering
_c. BS Information Systems
d. BS Computer Science


Which of the following is considered a drawback of computer literacy?
a. Shorter turnaround time
_b. Digital divide
c. Better connectivity
d. Increased job opportunity


Which of the BSIT graduate attributes is highlighted in our subject, Social
and Professional Issues (SPI)?  
_a. Computing Professionalism and Social Responsibility
b. Modern Tool Usage
c. Knowledge for Solving Computing Problems
d. Design and Development of Solutions


It is the consortium whose primary purpose is to to contribute to the
improvement of computing education worldwide through the mutual
recognition of accredited academic computing programs that prepare
graduates for professional practice.
a. Dublin Accord
b. Washington Accord
_c. Seoul Accord
d. Sydney Accord


Which of the following is considered technologically-enhanced dishonesty?
a. Tardiness
_b. Catfishing
c. Absenteeism
d. Cyberbullying



It is a practical confirmation that a given individual possesses competency
in the field of information technology. 
a. Civil Service Examination
_b. IT Certification
c.Bar Examination
d. Job Interview